---
layout: post
title: "VOTE"
description: "The reality of the elections."
categories: [Civic]
tags: [vote, election]
redirect_from:
  - /2018/10/09/
---
# The Vote
I want to bring up a topic few even dare to subject to. Many preach and promote the importance of registering to vote and will talk about 'X' political candidate to every friend they have, but few will actually share the information about candidates/polling opportunities.



## EDUCATE, STOP RECRUITING.
I employ all my peers, friends, colleagues, and co-workers to educate themselves about the candidates that are running BEFORE they make the judgements based off of he say/she say. Fraternities/Sororities's members often rally their sisters/brothers with biased political stances & information about 'X' candidates to rally support. This is super counter-productive as those who subject themselves to this behavior probably don't realize they have been baby fed a _"jar of biased information"_. They who then will tell their friends, who tell their friends, and before you know it, the entire neighborhood is rockin' the latest campaign clothes with minimal information about the candidate they're representing.



## Looking forward.
I will do my best to provide some links & information about local candidates for the **upcoming Midterm Election**. I am also not comfortable with providing any hard evidence about my own personal political stance on my site, and encourage anybody who would like to know to reach out for an intellectual conversation.


###### _As always,_
###### _Thanks for reading, Blain Blanchard_

#### DO YOUR RESEARCH. #GetOutTheVote
